Hello :)

Welcome to further supplemental data of our paper "On the origins and predictability of the hydrostatic limit of molecular liquids".
Here goes a file description:

The **files** **data1.xlsx** and **data2.xlsx** contain all the varsigma, upsilon, rho, omega_ave, D and HL data coming from our simulations which are involved in the plots shown in our manuscript as well as in its Supplemental Material. Standard errors are present when applicable. Please, use the compound-ID in table S1 of the Supplemental material of the manuscript to identify the organic liquid the data corresponds to.

The **file VDoS.zip** contain the (discrete) Fourier Transform of the velocity autocorrelation functions, which has been shown in the literature to be proportional to the vibrational density of states, obtained in our simulations at pressure conditions ranging from 1 atm to 8 GPa for all compounds within the scope of the force field(s) used in their investigation (CGenFF and/or OPLS-AA). As an example, plotting these functions at different pressure conditions for methanol when OPLS-AA used should match what is shown in figure 3 of the manuscript. Note that after decompressing the .zip file, it is necessary to use OriginLab or the (free) Origin Viewer version (https://www.originlab.com/viewer/) to access the data. Please, use the compound-ID in table S1 of the Supplemental material of the manuscript to identify the organic liquid the data corresponds to.

Simulation Files:

The **folders** **OPLS-AA** and **CGenFF** contain files named compound-ID.dat, which concern each a given organic liquid investigated using the given force field (OPLS-AA and CGenFF). The link between a file and a compound can be made via the ID found in table S1 of the Supplemental material of the manuscript, which also allows identifying the force field(s) used for a given compound. Each file contains a microstate sampled at 300 K and 1 atm alongside non-bonded and bonded potential parameters for OPLS-AA and CGenFF. We note that the molecular dynamics simulation from which the microstate was sampled was carried out using equations of motion having a thermostat and a barostat, and so, as a consequence, the volume of the simulation box, also present in the files, does not necessarily concern the equilibrium value at 300 K and 1 atm. 

The **file atom_types_OPLS-AA.pdf** contain our classification of atom types for OPLS-AA, made manually via the .atp file made available elsewhere (see further details on the Supplemental material of the manuscript).

The **lammps.in file** is a sample of a LAMMPS input file used for carrying out the compression starting from the microstates sampled at 300 K and 1 atm and going up to 10 GPa in a 0.2 GPa stepwise fashion every 2 ns. We note that (i) there is one file for each force field, which naturally differ only on the force field setup (pair_style and etc), (ii) command lines for collecting data to estimate the properties investigated in our work are also present in the script, (iii) the analysis at 300 K and 1 atm requires another script (this one is just for the compression part), (iv) although the default mixing rules within LAMMPS are the geometric (see https://docs.lammps.org/pair_modify.html), this is changed to the rightful one (i.e. arithmetic) automatically in case a charmm pair_style is used.
